feat: Add docs for \OCP\TaskProcessing (#11794)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/digging_deeper/task_processing.rst

     * Output shape:
        * ``output``: ``Text``
 * ``'core:text2image'``: This task type is for generating images from text prompts. It is implemented by ``\OCP\TaskProcessing\TaskTypes\TextToImage``
      * Input shape:
         * ``input``: ``Text``
         * ``numberOfImages``: ``Number``
      * Output shape:
         * ``output``: ``ListOfImages``

Input and output shapes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Each task type defines how its input and output should look. This is called the input and output shape.

For example the TextToImage type defines its input shape as follows:

.. code-block:: php

    /**
     * @return ShapeDescriptor[]
     * @since 30.0.0
     */
    public function getInputShape(): array {
        return [
            'input' => new ShapeDescriptor(
                $this->l->t('Prompt'),
                $this->l->t('Describe the image you want to generate'),
                EShapeType::Text
            ),
            'numberOfImages' => new ShapeDescriptor(
                $this->l->t('Number of images'),
                $this->l->t('How many images to generate'),
                EShapeType::Number
            ),
        ];
    }

> The task input and output is always an array. In this case, the task input for TextToImage must have an array key named ``'input'`` which must contain a text and an array key named ``'numberOfImages'`` which must contain a number.

Reviewer: The task input and output **are** always represented as arrays.

Author: ```suggestion
The task input and output are always represented by an associative array. In this case, the task input for TextToImage must have an array key named ``'input'`` which must contain a text and an array key named ``'numberOfImages'`` which must contain a number.
```
